thanks for the hog thanks for noticin me
nice day probably rain hello it's just
me Dior don't mind me nobody else does
thanks for the hug thanks for dropping
by little butterfly
thanks for noticing me my nose sort of
tickles
sore go so long little butterfly thanks
for dropping by little butterfly my nose
sorta tickles sugar thanks for noticing
me oh well lost my tail again
it's not much of a tail but I'm sort of
attached to it
goodbye tail see you soon I hope I had a
feeling I'd lose my tail today don't
mind my tail probably lose it again
way imagine that I lost my tail it's not
much of a tail but I'm sort of attached
to it
why do you know I lost my tail again
don't mind my tail probably lose it
again anyway so long little butterfly
that sort of tickles have a little
butterfly thanks for dropping by little
butterfly thanks for noticin me